holidays - only two days away a lot of
people would ask me are you going to do
the thing where the parents pretend to
eat their kids Halloween candy and yes
the of course we're gonna do it again
this is probably get thousands of videos
and every year we Whittle them down to
the best of the best some kids get mad
wait on your candy right cuz it was good
some kids get madder and some hit back
in an emotional way I'm so sorry - sure
but I ate your candy all gone so here we
go again this is your official
invitation to take part in our ninth
annual Halloween candy youtube challenge
tell your kids you ate all their candy
not some of it all of it make a video
and post it to youtube with the title
that has to have this title hey Jimmy
Kimmel I told my kids I hate all their
Halloween candy and then be on the
lookout for a message from us on your
YouTube account you get messages there
check those we'll put our favorites on
the show next week and it'll be great it
will be fun for everyone other than the
kids hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel an evil wizard
has trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape